doc changes re at-functor and at-layer (#2390)
FluxML/Flux.jl: docs/src/models/advanced.md

```
Notice that we parameterized the type of the `paths` field. This is necessary for fast Julia code; in general, `T` might be a `Tuple` or `Vector`, but we don't need to pay attention to what it specifically is. The same goes for the `combine` field.

> The next step is to use [`Flux.@layer`](@ref) to make our struct behave like a Flux layer. This is important so that calling `params` on a `Join` returns the underlying weight arrays on each path.

Reviewer: There's a stray reference to `params` worth fixing.

```suggestion
The next step is to use [`Flux.@layer`](@ref) to make our struct behave like a Flux layer. This is important so that calling `Flux.setup` on a `Join` maps over the underlying trainable arrays on each path.
```
